"Denial is the most predictable of all human responses" – The Architect (The Matrix Reloaded) 
"Choice is an illusion created between those with power and those without" – Merovingian (The Matrix Reloaded)
"This is my world. My world!" – Agent Smith (The Matrix Revolutions"
"Choice. The problem is choice" – Neo  (The Matrix Reloaded)
"Some people go their entire lives without hearing news that good" – Neo (The Matrix Reloaded)
"What do all men with power want? More power" – The Oracle (The Matrix Reloaded)
"To deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human" – Mouse (The Matrix)
"Not like this. Not like this" – Switch (The Matrix)
"Guns. Lots of guns" – Neo (The Matrix)
"We are still here!" – Morpheus (The Matrix Reloaded)
"What's really going to bake your noodle later on is, would you still have broken it if I hadn’t said anything?" – The Oracle
"The body cannot live without the mind" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"I don't like the idea that I’m not in control of my life" – Neo (The Matrix)
"Human beings are a disease. A cancer of this planet" – Agent Smith (The Matrix)
"The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now in this very room" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Ignorance is bliss" – Cypher (The Matrix)
"What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"It's the question that drives us, Neo. It's the question that brought you here. You know the question, just as I did" – Trinity (The Matrix)
"Do you think that's air you're breathing now?" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Never send a human to do a machine's job" – Agent Smith (The Matrix)
"What was said was for you, and you alone" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Remember... all I'm offering is the truth. Nothing more" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"You have to let it all go, Neo - fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind!" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"Goodbye, Mr. Anderson…" – Agent Smith (The Matrix)
"Neo, sooner or later you're going to realize just as I did that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"There is no spoon" – Spoon Boy (The Matrix)
"I know kung-fu" – Neo (The Matrix)
"I can only show you the door, you're the one that has to walk through it" – Morpheus (The Matrix)
"You take the blue pill... the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill... you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes" – Morpheus (The Matrix)